
[Intro: Tasha Cobbs Leonard]
I'll be here forever
I'll be here forever
I'll be right here with You
Right here with You forever

[Chorus 1: Tasha Cobbs Leonard]
And I'll be seated at Your feet
To worship at Your feet
I'll be right here at Your feet
Forever
And I'll be seated at Your feet
To worship at Your feet
I'll be right here at Your feet
Forever
I'll make this vow...
And I'll be seated at Your feet
Always here to worship
(To worship at Your feet) That's where You want me, Lord....
I'll be... (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever (forever)
It's my favorite place...
And I... (And I'll be seated at Your feet)
To worship (To worship at Your feet)
Oh I'll be right here at Your feet
Forever (Forever)
Let's praise Him together say, I'll be seated at Your feet
(And I'll be seated at Your feet) That's where You want me, Lord
(To worship at Your feet) So that's where...
I'll be... (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever (forever)
Somebody tell Him, I'll be seated here, Lord
(And I'll be seated at Your feet)
I'm always here to worship (To worship at Your feet)
Oh-ooh I'll be right here, I'll be here... (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever (forever)

[Chorus 2: William Murphy]
(And I'll be seated at Your feet) I'll be right here
(To worship at Your feet) I'm gonna stay right here
Right here at Your feet... (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever, forever and ever (forever)
(And I'll be seated at Your feet) I'll be seated
I'll be right here (To worship at Your feet)
I'm gonna stay, I'll be (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever, Lord (forever)
And I'll be seated (And I'll be seated at Your feet)
For the praise of [3:29?] (To worship at Your feet)
I'm gonna be right here (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever, forever (forever)
(And I'll be seated at Your feet)
I'm gonna worship, I'm gonna worship (To worship at Your feet)
I'm gonna seat right here, right here (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever, and ever, ever (forever)
(And I'll be seated at Your feet)
Just to worship (To worship at Your feet)
I'll be right here (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever and ever, forever and, ever and ever (forever)
(And I'll be seated at Your feet) I'll be seated
I'm not gonna worry (To worship at Your feet)
I'm gonna [4:37?] (I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever and (forever)

[Chorus 3: William Murphy &amp; Tasha Cobbs Leonard]
I'll be seated... | ...Right here
I'll be seated right here | That's where my joy is
(And I'll be seated at Your feet)
I'm gonna worship (To worship at Your feet)
And I'll be right here | Right here at Your...
(I'll be right here at Your feet)
Forever | Forever (forever)
Forever, forever
Forever | Forever
Forever, forever | Forever